Add docs (#80)
wagtail/wagtail-live: docs/getting_started/setup_long_polling.md

> # Setup Long polling Publisher

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set up long polling Publisher
```

> This document walks through setting up a publisher using the long polling technique.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes how to set up a publisher using the long polling technique.
```

## Configure `WAGTAIL_LIVE_PUBLISHER`

In order to use the long polling technique for the publishing part, add this to your `settings`:
```python
WAGTAIL_LIVE_PUBLISHER = "wagtail_live.publishers.LongPollingPublisher"
```

> You can optionally set a polling timeout by doing so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can optionally set a polling timeout:
```

```python
WAGTAIL_LIVE_POLLING_TIMEOUT = value # in seconds
```
The default value is **30**(s).

## Add publisher template

We also need to add this to our `live_blog_page.html` template:
```python
{% include "wagtail_live/polling/long_polling.html" %}
```

> Make sure you have these 2 lines in your template:

Reviewer: Why are we are telling them about `wagtail_live/polling/long_polling.html` twice?

Author: To make sure that not only `wagtail_live/polling/long_polling.html` should be included but also `wagtail_live/live_posts.html`. I can remove it if it's not necessary.
